Experiment 1: Constructor Overloading
Algorithm:
1. Create a class Rectangle with variables length and width
2. Create a default constructor and set length and width to 1
3. Create a constructor with one parameter and assign it to both length and width
4. Create a constructor with two parameters to set length and width separately
5. Create a display method to calculate and print the area
6. In main method, create objects using all constructors and call display

---

Experiment 2: Lambda Expression Sorting
Algorithm:
1. Create a list of integers with some values
2. Use the sort method on the list
3. Pass a lambda expression to sort the list in descending order
4. Print the sorted list

---

Experiment 3: Custom Exception
Algorithm:
1. Create a class InvalidAgeException that extends Exception
2. Create a method checkAge that takes age as input
3. If age is less than 18 or greater than 60, throw the exception
4. Otherwise print valid age
5. In main method, call checkAge using try and catch block
6. Catch the exception and print the message

---

Experiment 4: Thread Synchronization
Algorithm:
1. Create a Bank class with a balance variable
2. Create a synchronized withdraw method to update balance
3. Create a User class that extends Thread
4. In run method, call withdraw method
5. In main method, create one Bank object
6. Create two User threads using the same Bank object
7. Start both threads

---

Experiment 5: File Handling Word and Line Count
Algorithm:
1. Open the file using BufferedReader and FileReader
2. Initialize variables to count lines and words
3. Read the file line by line
4. For each line, increase line count
5. Split the line into words and count them
6. Close the file
7. Print number of lines and words

---

Experiment 6: Generic Method Swap
Algorithm:
1. Create a generic method swap with type T
2. Take two values as input
3. Use a temporary variable to swap them
4. Print the swapped values
5. Call the method with different data types in main

---

Experiment 7: String StringBuffer and StringBuilder
Algorithm:
1. Create a String and concatenate another string to it
2. Create a StringBuffer and use append and reverse methods
3. Create a StringBuilder and use append and reverse methods
4. Print all results to show the difference

---

Experiment 8: JDBC CRUD Operations
Algorithm:
1. Establish a connection to the database
2. Create a Statement object
3. Insert a record into the table
4. Retrieve records using select query
5. Display the records
6. Update a record
7. Delete a record
8. Close the connection
